Hey, I'm running behind
schedule.
Can you be Wonderwoman
for me again?
I don't know.
How big is my Christmas bonus?
- Substantial.
- Good because I have
those finalization documents
in my hand, and your coffee.
Great. Did the money
transfer to the escrow?
You know what? Never mind.
I'm getting on the elevator.
I... You and the elevator.
Be sure to call the office
in Des Moines
and get that money into escrow.
Is there news on
the Nebraska acquisition?
- Not yet.
- Okay.
I'm gonna head up to Ronan.
Keep me posted.
Thank you for the coffee.
Good luck.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, might have to check that.
Let me get back to you.
Depica is finalized.
Three days ahead of schedule.
Nice job, Theodora.
- Will there be anything else?
- No.
Des Moines is still taking
the heat today.
Nebraska just
will not play ball until we...
Have you made those travel
arrangements yet?
I'm assigning you
a sensitive project.
Now, I assume you can handle it.
You saved us time
on this Depica deal.
So do you think you could use
a little bit of that magic
on this one?
Of course, you're the only one
that I can trust to do this
this close to the holidays.
I know you have nothing planned.
When do I leave?
Talk to Kelly.
He has all the arrangements.
I have calls to make.
Off you go.
"Kelly has the details."
So apparently
you have the details?
- I tried to tell you.
- I saw you do this.
- Is that what it was?
- Yes.
I thought you slept funny.
No.
Okay. So apparently he's sending
you to New Richmond.
- New Richmond?
- The heart of it all.
Ohio.
So, I will send you everything
in an email.
You have a rental car
and a reservation for a B&B
for one night.
And you need to leave now
because your flight leaves
in two hours.
Okay.
Good luck.
I'll be here if you need me.
Vroom!
Hey, my little copilot.
Let's bake some more cookies.
Hey, just wanted to let you know
I was here if you need any help.
Where do you want these flowers?
Thanks. Thank you, you can
just set them over there.
Belinda is on her way.
She's bringing some pies.
She was like
a second mother to me.
She baked the best cookies
I ever had.
I don't know if I can
appreciate another cookie again.
Yeah.
She's a good woman
and I'll miss her.
Well, thank you guys
for helping my mom around
the place while I was gone.
I know it meant a lot to her.
It's been a rough few months.
I'm glad you're back.
Me too. We miss you, Charlie.
Thank you.
- Do you think he's gonna stay?
- Hope so.
If he'd seen him like that...
I feel like I can't do anything.
- He's not gonna listen to me.
- Yeah.
I just don't know.
You know Lila was
my best friend.
And my cookie rival.
It's hard for me to say this.
But maybe this year I'll finally
win the cookie competition.
This is going to be your year.
Shh.
That's bad timing.
It's gonna be a different
cookie competition this year
with Lila gone.
Poor Charlie.
Just coming home and now this.
You know, I used to check
her cookies twice
to make sure they
weren't pure magic.
It's truly sad to lose her
this close to Christmas.
But, she's not...
- Hello.
- Miss King?
No, I'm Belinda. Come in.
I'm looking for Miss Lila King.
Is she available?
I'm sorry.
Lila is no longer here.
Do you know when she'll be back?
I'm sorry. You are?
I'm Theodora Greenly.
Miss Greenly. We laid Lila
to rest this morning.
Maybe you'd like to speak
to her son, Charlie.
He's back in town
taking care of things.
- That'd be Charles King?
- Yes, Charlie.
I heard my name?
Charles King?
- Yeah.
- I'm Theodora Greenly.
I have an urgent matter.
Can we meet in private?
You know what, it's kind of been
a long day for Charlie.
Maybe you can give us a couple
hours just to get cleaned up
and sorted out.
I'll be back in two hours.
I'm here if you need me.
Your mother
was a wonderful soul.
She was proud.
Nick, butterscotch pie.
Butterscotch, yeah.
Bye, love.
- I need 15 minutes.
- Yes, yes. I'm sorry.
- Can I get you a coffee or?
- No, thanks.
A transfer? Who?
What do you mean default?
Again.
My firm represents
River Hills Bank.
I have a nonjudicial disclosure
of default on this prop...
I heard what you said
but you've made some kind of...
I need to finalize this transfer
immediately.
You're kidding.
This is a joke. You're joking.
Okay. Clearly,
you don't understand.
I understand what you're saying.
I'm telling you,
this is not possible.
This house, this whole property,
falls under my firm's custody.
It's my responsibility
to finalize this deal.
What deal? There's no default.
- You've made a mistake...
- You had a hard day.
I'm going to give you some time
to figure this out.
And I'll be back in the morning.
She's a lot of fun.
- She arrived...
- Papers signed.
She just got there.
She's been there for four hours,
35 minutes.
I'll get in touch with Melissa.
You do that.
How's that?
Fine quality bourbon.
Hasn't been an
"Aaron wasted my time."
Kathryn will be pleased.
Is Kathryn ever pleased?
Once or twice.
Tell me more about Melissa.
Oh, forget it.
Theodora. She will not let you
get within 50 feet of Melissa.
You speaking from experience?
What time your train leave?
Why?
Why I thought we might
get ourselves a couple more
pours of bourbon.
Okay. Let's get back to Melissa.
You know, I think
you're gonna have to figure out
a way of asking her yourself.
There should be something.
There's nothing saying
she missed a single payment.
Her records are perfect.
She would never...
foreclosure.
Yo, I think I'm gonna hit
the diner for coffee.
You're gonna be up all night.
I see you tomorrow.
All right.
- Hey.
- It's past your bedtime?
This is rare.
Jogging makes me thirsty.
Hey, um, can I
get another cup of coffee?
That'll keep you up all night.
I have a lot of work to do.
Didn't I see you
at Charlie King's?
You sure did.
This is Theodora Greenly
and this is Michael Strauss,
our resident physical therapist
and running enthusiast.
- It's a pleasure to meet you.
- Nice to meet you, Michael.
I really do have
a lot of work to do, though.
Understood.
Enjoy your stay in New Richmond.
I'm only here for one night.
Thankfully.
Hi.
Do you need a moment?
Um, no.
Come in.
I don't even know
what I'm looking for here.
Let me explain this very simply.
This loan is
in default of payment.
We've sent multiple notices,
and of this date,
the loan has not been satisfied.
I'm sorry, this still doesn't
make sense to me at all.
It means that the loan
has not been...
I know what it means.
I'm telling you,
my mother would
never default on this property.
She loved this place.
It was everything to her.
I'm gonna need at least a day.
I have to go to the bank
and get this figured out.
You have until tomorrow morning.
Fine.
Let's get you up.
I can't. I can't.
Don't touch it. Don't touch it.
Let me go see
if I can find some ice
or a bandage or something.
I have frozen peas,
works like ice.
Just whatever.
I used to use them
when I played sports.
Okay, just get it on.
That is really swelling.
Oh, wow.
You're gonna need
to see a doctor.
No. No, it's gonna be okay.
It's okay. I just, I just need
to keep it on ice for a bit.
It will be fine.
No, you definitely need
to see a doctor for that.
I can take care of it myself.
It's probably for that too.
Give me that!
Hey, doc,
I'm glad you picked up.
Look, I have a guest.
She, she sprained her ankle.
I don't think it's broken.
But it was really bad.
Really, okay. Think you'll be
able to bring some crutches?
I don't need crutches!
Great. Okay, thank you.
Thank you. Yeah, bye.
Okay, so.
The doc says it's just, for now,
to keep your ankle elevated.
But...
he also said you're probably not
going anywhere for a few days.
What? I'm not saying here.
I'm gonna...
I'll be just fine.
I...
I don't think we have
much of a choice.
I can take care of this.
I'll be okay. Yeah.
You know, everybody needs
a little help sometimes.
And, I know you
don't want to stay here.
I'm not really
excited about it either.
So why don't we try
to make the best of it?
You want some coffee?
Black.
Do you have any super glue?
- Hey, Don Juan.
- What?
Big sparks with you
and the city girl.
She staying at your place?
She had a bad fall,
sprained her ankle.
Hopefully, she'll be gone
in a few days.
Sprain. Is it severe?
Doc says it's mild.
- Sprain or not, she's hot.
- Is she?
You didn't notice?
Hot or not,
she's trying to take my farm.
Take your farm? How?
What do you mean take?
Why don't you swing by
some time, I'll catch you up.
Deal.
Finally. Are you okay?
It's not good.
It always gets bad
before it gets better.
Yeah, they have me on crutches.
I have an appointment
with the doc in the morning
before I go to the bank.
So we'll see.
Ronan's pissed, and Kelly's
taking the brunt of it.
I don't know how he does it.
You know, I've had a chance
to look through those files
and I can see why Charles
is confused about this.
Anything I can do to help?
So, about Charles?
What?
Is he cute?
Goodbye, Melissa.
- Wait.
- Yes?
Is that a yes?
Goodbye.
- I knew it!
- Knew what?
Is that the New Richmond deal?
Sure is. You need to read it
and Theodora needs to see it.
Are you sure? You could lose
your job over this?
I'm counting on it.
I'm done.
Oh, yeah. And, Jagger Huntley.
Say no more.
Mr. Mayor.
Do you really eat all
your broccoli?
I sure do.
It's my favorite vegetable.
Well, you know
what that makes you?
A really good girl?
No. Someone who likes broccoli.
You're funny.
Isn't he, daddy?
Yes, he is, Molly.
- Well, we better get going.
- Have a good day.
Put your jacket on, kiddo.
Got it?
All right. Awesome.
That's for you.
- Thank you.
- There you go. Enjoy.
- Have a good night.
- You too. Nice seeing you.
Bye, Nick.
Still gonna check
on Charlie tomorrow?
Yes, ma'am.
You're gonna ask him
about Lila's recipe
and the cookie competition?
Of course.
Mr. Snow,
when you have a piece of my pie
under your nose,
you are a man of few words.
Look, I will do
what I can. Okay?
But he has to make
his own decision.
I believe in you.
You always know
the right thing to say.
- Oh, hello Seth. Coffee?
- Another piece of pie?
You keep eating my pie
and you're gonna
look like Santa.
Is that a bad thing?
A tree?
It's a fire hazard.
It's fine.
Is this the only bag
you brought?
I was only supposed
to be here one night.
So you don't have
any warm clothes?
One night.
Okay.
Okay, so I have some flannels
and warm socks.
They're clean.
You're welcome to wear them.
Those are great. Did they come
with a free moose?
Okay, look. I'm really trying
to be nice. Okay?
It's really cold out there.
It can get a lot colder in here.
You're welcome.
You're going to decorate
the whole house?
- Yes.
- Why?
Because it's Christmas.
Then you just take
it all down again.
Oh, wow.
This... This was
my favorite ornament as a kid.
It's not a Christmas ornament.
- Of course it's an ornament.
- No.
There's no red ribbon on it.
There's no glitter.
Even though I hate glitter,
it goes everywhere.
There's no etching,
there's no design.
It's not a Christmas ornament.
Christmas, 1988.
It's an ornament.
Oh, is that a Christmas blanket?
The more you decorate, the
stronger the Christmas spirit.
- Oh...
- Don't do it.
You're sure your last name
isn't Dickens?
♪ Let every heart
Prepare him room ♪
♪ And heaven and nature sing
And heaven and nature sing ♪
♪ And heaven and nature sing ♪
♪ He rules the world
With truth and grace ♪
Beautiful.
- Stunning. Absolutely stunning.
- Of course.
So. Do you have any other songs?
Do you know what?
It doesn't matter.
You guys sound fabu...
That was fantastic.
Nice job.
Hey, Mr. Mayor.
- Hello.
- Don't you think we need some
- decorations...
- There's...
gonna be more decorations.
They're just not up yet.
Don't you have somewhere
to be today?
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Thirty minutes.
I got an appointment.
Mayor Langford. Sorry.
Am I interrupting anything?
No, nothing at all.
Great.
I just wondering, what are
your expectations for us
during the Christmas Eve event?
Absolutely. What we're going
to do is have carolers inside,
and we'll have carolers outside
drawing people to the event.
So the same thing
we did last year?
Yes. But with a twist.
This year, randomly,
the carolers should
throw out candy.
- That's a twist.
- Yes!
We're gonna go back to
rehearsing if that's cool.
Oh, yes. Yes. Yes.
You sound wonderful. Thank you!
♪ Joy to the world
The Lord has come ♪
♪ Let Earth receive her king ♪
I'm sorry.
Sorry. Sorry.
It's okay. It's all right.
First time on crutches.
It's okay.
You missed a button.
Hey, Michael.
Nice tree.
Thanks. Nick sure knows
how to pick 'em.
Hey, have you had breakfast?
I did. I definitely
don't need more coffee.
Oh, there's always room for pie.
Not this morning. I made
an omelet bigger than my head.
Ate at all.
Have you spoken to Charlie
since the funeral?
Briefly yesterday. I'm going
to the farm this evening.
You want to take a pie?
- No, I'm taking beers.
- Oh.
Hey, have you ever
made a pie of stout?
- Keep decorating.
- You are the smart one.
Go easy on him.
He's got a lot to handle.
- I mean it.
- Yeah. For sure.
- It's good to see you.
- Okay.
- See you, Mike.
This looks so nice.
Little Santas.
They're so like you, Nick.
Look at that.
If you're entering
the competition
that your mother always won
then you just use her recipe.
Well, that's the mystery.
I don't know where she left it.
I thought country women
always kept
little boxes
with the recipes in them
to give to the next generation.
She did.
It's not in there.
May I?
Please do.
Moon pie.
Was your mom's
as good as Belinda's?
Mom was a cookie baker.
Quintessential Waldorf salad.
Sweet potato casserole.
That was in her top three.
See, now you're going to go
and make me hungry.
It's just amazing
how many stories
this little box can hold.
Oh, I went to the bank today,
by the way.
Yeah?
Did you figure anything out?
No.
Expecting company?
- The doctor maybe?
- No.
I have an appointment tomorrow.
- Are you going to get it?
- Yeah.
Hey, Michael.
Hi, buddy.
You said to stop for a beer.
Northern Row, your favorite.
Yeah, I did say that, didn't I.
Come on in.
Ah. So we meet again.
Meet again?
Pleasure,
to officially meet you.
Well, I did hear you had two
broken ribs and a broken leg.
I heard it's just a sprain,
that's a rumor mill.
Right, Charlie?
Yep.
So, how's the ankle?
Um.
It's healing nicely, I think.
Well, I'm a physical therapist.
If I can help you in any way...
Let me know. Right, Charl?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, I think I'm going
to call it a night.
Do you need some help?
Oh, no, thanks. I got this.
Goodnight, Charles.
Oh, thanks for the beer.
Did I interrupt something?
No. Why would you
even think that?
I've seen that look.
- What look?
- You know.
I miss your mom.
Remember how she used to hum
when she baked cookies?
Yeah.
She could barely make them fast
enough to keep up with us.
What was that song?
Frosty the Snowman.
- Frosting the Snow...
- Frosty.
You don't listen.
Wow. I was joking.
You're the one who
doesn't like to listen.
Right. So you want
to do this now?
I think that we should.
It's time.
You...
You walked out
on our friendship.
- Over a simple misunderstanding.
- Simple...
It wasn't a misunderstanding.
You should have known
I would never do that to you.
I should have known.
You were talking to her
every single chance you got.
I talked to everyone, Charlie.
And you never
said you liked her.
It's that move that you do.
What move?
You did it tonight to Theodora.
That? That's not a move.
That's a Michael thing.
That's a me thing.
And making assumptions.
That's a Charlie.
You were like that
when we were kids.
When will you learn?
So this is all my fault?
No, it's both of our faults.
You're the one who left.
You didn't care about
our friendship enough
to see it from my side.
From your side.
What about my side, Michael?
Yeah. I see things from my side.
That's a Charlie thing.
And here we are again.
- You're falling for Theodora.
- No, I'm not.
You are.
Even if I were,
why would you be hitting on her
in front of me?
Is it just to prove
that you can?
Are you kidding me? I'm being
friendly. It's who I am.
I'm not interested in her.
Don't do this again.
- You're falling for her.
- No, I'm not.
You are.
- I can't.
- Well, you are.
Something is missing.
Hey, look at you.
You look 100% better.
Yeah, the swelling's actually
gone down a whole bunch.
It looks a lot worse
than it feels. So, it's good.
- Can I sit?
- Yeah.
How about coffee and a cookie?
The cookies smell
really, really good.
It's a very nice apron, Charles.
It's very festive.
Thank you.
It was my mom's.
Please call me Charlie.
You know, I think this country
air is doing you some good.
I haven't seen you this relaxed
since I met you.
Maybe it's the cookies.
I don't think so.
Can't get the recipe right.
There's something missing.
They smell like a winner to me.
Something about the way
my mom made them,
I just cannot duplicate.
I'm sure you'll figure it out.
Shoot. I've gotta go. I've got
an appointment with the doc.
Oh, hey, wait.
I was looking
over the paperwork,
and Helena Corrival's name
is associated
with my mom's account.
Yeah, well, she probably
handled the mortgage, so.
I got to go.
I'll see you in a bit though.
- Well, can I drive you?
- No, thank you. I got it.
Let's put the presents to
the right of the tree right now.
Please. Thank you. Thank you.
I know we said we
need more lights there.
But we're going to need
more lights here actually.
Oh.
I think we should put
garland over the doors.
And tinsel.
Like tinsel everywhere.
More tinsel.
Because it's almost
time for old St. Nick.
Hey.
You really got it going on. It's
like the north pole in here.
- Yes.
- Oh, hey.
Here comes Christmas.
Yeah, we're good there.
We're gonna put
the raffle tables over there.
the cookie competition table
next to the tree and...
Have you spoken to Charlie yet?
Yeah, it's...
Do you want the
mistletoe in all the doors?
Oh, yes, absolutely.
I think we should have it
and it will make it
look so festive now.
- Great.
- Thank you.
So...
Yes, I had some questions
regarding the foreclosure
on the King home.
Such a shame Lila became ill
and was unable to keep up
with the payments.
I've gone over the paperwork
many times.
Weren't you
and Mrs. King friends?
Yes. Well, until it came
to the cookie competition,
then it's
everyone for themselves.
This year may just be my year.
I see.
About the King account.
How is your leg?
Ankle.
It's better. Thank you.
I heard it was your leg.
The paperwork. I expected
to pick that up today.
Our system was down.
Your system was down.
So once your system
comes back online,
I can expect you to email
that file to me immediately?
Certainly, whatever you need.
I appreciate your prompt
attention to this matter.
I'll be in touch.
Would you like to
take one of my cookies
with you on your way out?
I'd be delighted.
Do you need a taste tester?
Yes. Be honest.
These look amazing.
This is definitely going to be
your year.
Have any milk?
- I didn't hear the door?
- I came down the chimney.
Just dropping by.
They want me to check on you.
I promised your mom,
I'd look in on you
and I know you got
a lot on your mind now.
I'm okay.
I heard the big city
businesswoman
has been staying here.
What, she like broke her leg
and a rib or two?
Theodora.
It's just a bad sprain.
The New Richmond
rumor mill, man.
Someone gets a splinter,
they turn it into someone
needing brain surgery.
It's one of the many things
I missed while I was away.
Are you planning on staying,
Charlie?
If I don't lose the property.
How is that with the enemy
staying right here?
It was pretty rough at first.
She's warming up. I think.
It doesn't hurt
that she's easy on the eye.
- Stop.
- Looking. Hey.
You know,
maybe you're both changing.
Listen to her. Okay, she might
be able to help you out.
So, how's that cookie recipe
coming?
It's good. It's good.
It's not perfect.
Well, your mom
would be proud of you
entering the cookie competition.
Well, I haven't entered yet.
There's still something missing.
You know, every recipe she ever
had, right there in that box.
Everything but the cookies.
So, I'm just trying to
remember the best I can.
You will figure it out.
I have every faith.
Look, I got to go.
Lots of stops to make, but...
Oh, hey.
That was always your mom's
favorite photo of you.
I'll see you, Charlie.
Take care.
Charlie, hello. How are you?
I'm well. Thanks.
Is there anything
I can do for you?
Yeah, actually, I was in
the bank yesterday trying
to get some information
on mom's account.
We've been having problems
with our system,
but I doubt they give you access
without power of attorney.
It's out of my hands.
I'm so sorry.
It's all right.
I'll figure something out.
I heard you haven't entered
the cookie competition.
Well, I...
Don't wait long. You don't
want to miss the deadline.
The prize is $10,000,
and an interview on The Greatest
Cookie Ever television show.
That's the reason
for the new hairstyle.
I plan to win this year.
Well, you look very nice.
Well, thank you, Charlie.
I wish you the best.
Hi there.
Wow.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, sorry. Thank you.
Are you, um...
- New boots?
- Oh.
Both feet even.
Yeah. The doctor thought
that something
with a lower shoe would help.
What about this?
Oh, just around town.
I don't need to wear it at home.
Home?
Your home. I don't need
to wear it at your home or...
my feet for very long.
I gotcha. Yeah.
Well, that's good news.
Celebrate?
Can I treat you to lunch?
I'm going on cookies
and coffee here. So yeah.
Sounds good.
Well, the diner here has um,
a great meatloaf special,
amazing pies?
Sounds good.
Are you okay to walk?
I think so.
This is such a, it's such
a beautiful little town.
It is charming without being
too touristy. You know?
It's a town that's just enough.
Oh, I like that.
Yeah?
Is it because you're a writer
you can come up with that stuff?
This place reminds
me of when I was a kid.
Look at the pies.
Do you have a favorite?
All of them.
Oh, look who's having
a lunch date.
It's not a date.
Really? Well, okay.
- Belinda is a bit of a talker.
- Mm-hmm.
I call it as I see it.
When's your birthday?
I'm a Leo if
that's what you're asking.
A Leo and a Sage.
Oh, that's a nice pairing.
- I already know what I want.
- Okay.
Charles has sold me on
the meatloaf special.
I've known Charlie a long time,
and I can read his mind.
That's two specials coming up.
Thank you. Oh!
A chocolate pecan for me and?
- Dutch apple cranberry?
- Okay.
- So...
- So you...
Sorry, you go ahead.
You said this place
brings back memories?
Yeah. When I was a kid,
and I wasn't traveling
with my dad,
I used to stay
with my grandparents.
They were bakers,
they loved to bake pies.
They had their own specialty
they would make,
and give it out to neighbors
and friends and stuff. But...
I was never much of a baker.
So they made me
the official pie taster.
I don't know. I just...
It was more about just being
around them. You know?
Watching them work.
It was magic.
They were so in love.
Sounds wonderful.
They passed
when I was in college.
We lost my mom
when I was really young,
in case you were wondering.
I was curious.
- What about your father?
- No.
He's all business.
People say that he was different
before my mom passed but...
I cannot picture that man in
anything but a business suit.
The way you talk
about your grandparents,
it reminds me of how I feel
about my mother and her cookies.
All right folks. Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Great.
Do you need extra gravy on that?
No, this looks delicious.
It's so good
you'll want to move here.
Don't you have
something else to do?
Of course.
Sorry about that.
Not necessary.
It's very entertaining.
I like you.
She, she actually
really is great.
She's kind of like
that crazy you know,
that shows up unexpectedly,
throws you a party just because.
She actually did
that for you didn't she?
She did.
After my father left.
I'll never forget it.
- It takes a special person.
- Mm-hmm.
Well, I have not
taken a bite yet
but I can tell you
that you were right.
And this is the best meatloaf
I've ever had.
Oh, just wait.
Oh, I can't believe she's
staying at the house with him.
That's so bizarre.
Not really. They're actually
perfect for each other.
They just can't see it.
Wait. Do I sense potential
for intervening on his behalf?
Me?
Stop.
I know you better
than you think.
Michael the magnificent.
That... I will agree with you.
Somebody needs to intervene.
It might as well be me.
It won't work.
You better be careful.
You remember
what happened last time.
Just be cautious, man.
He's been through a lot.
And don't push too hard.
One more lap?
Loser buys coffee.
- Here you go.
- Oh, wow, that looks amazing.
Pies compliments of Grace Tilly.
She's treating everyone.
Ice cream is on me.
- Thank you so much, Grace.
- Oh, my pleasure, darling.
She gets really excited this
time of year. Enjoy every bite.
Let me know
what you think of that crust?
- I will.
- All right.
Thank you.
New Richmond loves
this time of year.
I do too.
It must be...
especially hard on you then just
considering your circumstances.
Yeah, well.
How about that crust?
Really good.
- So you sure you're okay?
- Yeah, I'm good.
I'm gonna pick up a few things.
And then I'll meet you
back at home.
At your house.
I'm gonna meet
you back in your house.
Well, my plan is to work on
the recipe tonight after dinner.
Would you want to be
my official taste tester?
Absolutely, I would.
How about a light dinner?
Grilled cheese,
tomato basil soup?
- Sounds perfect.
- Great.
- See you in a little bit.
- See you.
Charlie.
You'll give me a heart attack.
I see you treated
your guest to lunch.
We're celebrating
her healing ankle.
Well, Belinda says
she's really nice.
What for being the enemy
and all.
She's not the enemy.
She's just doing her job.
It's on me to figure out
how to save the house.
You know,
sometimes the biggest problems,
may have the simplest solutions.
Don't forget about
the cookie competition.
Your mother should be proud
even if you just enter.
I'm working on
the recipe tonight.
That's good news. Let me know
if you need a taste tester.
I have one but thank you.
Oh.
- Yeah. Take care.
- See you.
Predictable.
Dependable.
What's your drink?
Bourbon, neat.
Nice tie.
Yes, my girlfriend
has impeccable taste.
How's Philadelphia?
The same.
No signature?
Look, this is not
the typical type of deal
I concern myself with.
You told me
it would be cut and dry.
Cut and dry.
Do you remember Seattle?
Don't.
No. I took the hit on that.
Look, we need to focus
on the business at hand.
Sometimes we need to be patient.
I've lost my patience.
- Hey.
Looks like you did more
shopping?
Oh, I did.
Okay, so I got us smoked Gouda
and then Monterey Jack.
Oh, and I got us this
fresh baked sourdough.
All for tonight.
Outstanding.
What do you want to do,
the Gouda or the Jack?
Um, both.
Perfect. Well two grilled cheese
coming up.
Oh, yeah. I also got us
a really nice bottle of red,
I didn't know,
do you drink wine?
Yeah, I do.
Oh, you went to Baker Bird.
They host the cookie competition
every year.
I don't know,
I've been cooped up
in this house for so many days
I went a little crazy, I guess.
Thank you for going
a little crazy then.
This should take our dinner
to the next level.
I'm gonna go change.
Okay. I'll open up the wine.
Nice shirt.
That soup smells amazing.
It's Belinda's recipe.
She gave it to me
when I went away to college.
She felt I should have access
to my favorite soup
in case I ever need it.
She wasn't wrong.
She does not hold back
her opinion, does she?
No, she definitely does not.
- Cheers.
Mm.
- I'll get these.
- Great, thank you.
I know I keep bugging
you about this competition.
But I really need you to try
my cookie one more time.
And give me your honest opinion.
Again?
All right.
One more time.
Well?
After the fifth time
of trying your cookies today,
these are even better
than last year.
I'm ready!
I still need some milk.
So what did you
study in college?
English literature and writing.
All the baking I did
with my mom growing up
I wanted to write a cookbook
and incorporate stories
with all the recipes.
How about you,
what did you study?
Business.
I was always drawn
to art though.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
I used to love to go
to the museums
and study Art History.
Business it was.
Well, a business degree
would be ideal
if you wanted to open
your own gallery or art museum.
Yeah.
Business was the only thing
my dad and I had in common.
Gave us something to talk about.
So if you wanted to be a writer,
why did you move away? I mean,
you could have done that
right here.
Well a friend and I
got a job at the same
advertising agency
right out of college.
I wrote copy and he was
a graphic designer.
Thought work would pay
all the bills
while we had time to do
the things we really loved.
You can probably guess
how that went.
Obligations, deadlines.
Meetings...
Didn't happen.
The next thing you know
you need more things.
A nicer place to live.
So you work more
and that's that.
Story of my life.
I guess that's why
my memories of my grandparents
mean so much. You know?
Thank you for the wine
and cheese.
I think it made dinner
a little more special.
Oh.
You ready to make some cookies?
Yeah. I'm going
to return this call.
I'll be right back. Okay?
I'll clean up
and get things ready.
Hey, I got your voicemail.
There's something
that is not right here.
I'm gonna stay around
and I'm gonna figure it out.
Oh, since you didn't
even bother to ask.
Yes. My ankle has healed
very nicely.
Everything okay?
Yeah. Just a work thing.
You know how it goes.
So what do we got going on here?
Oh, these are the ingredients.
Honestly, I'm just trying
to do this by memory, but...
there's still something missing.
Okay, and the papers are for...?
Reference.
Yeah, it's just notes,
various ingredients and amounts
that I've tried to replicate
in my mom's recipe but...
I just can't get it quite right.
Okay. Well, what's off? Is it
the taste or is it the texture?
Texture.
Well we can assume
we're missing an ingredient.
Wow.
You're really good at this.
I am in analytics.
Taste testing's just for fun.
Well, I feel we're moving
in the right direction at least.
I think you're right.
This deal was to be
signed a week ago.
We should be
breaking ground now.
I said going into this,
if we were going to do it,
we were going to do it fast.
The property is basically ours.
If all we do...
It is not our property
until those papers are signed.
How utterly disappointing.
I changed my important schedule
to handle this mess.
A mess my maid
could have handled.
The deal is not lost.
Now, we all stand to gain
something very significant
once we get those
documents signed.
I pulled in a big favor
to get those papers audited
and I'm not going to walk away
with nothing.
How do you
intend to fix it, Ronan?
I found the property.
I got the developer's contact.
It's because of me that
you stand to gain something
very, very significant.
Pistols, at 20 paces?
I hold you both accountable.
Now fix it!
Clearly, you miscalculated.
Theodora's ability
to close this deal.
Ah, yes.
Where is Theodora?
Fired.
Is that you?
- Yeah.
- Aww.
My mother's
favorite picture of me.
Look at you. You were so cute.
What's that?
Oh, wow.
This is it. This is the recipe.
No way.
Two tablespoons of
white vinegar. That's it.
That's the missing ingredient.
That's one tablespoon, I think.
One tablespoon of white vinegar.
You're right. You're right on.
That could have been bad.
That's a little error.
I even... I remember my mother,
she would say
this is the ingredient that adds
the magic to the cookie.
She put in right what I thought
was a tablespoon of just water
but it was vinegar.
Well, let's get busy, right?
- Oh, no, no, no. Oh.
- What? What is it?
I forgot to sign up
for the competition.
The deadline's
tonight at midnight.
Okay, it's nine o'clock.
So where do you have to go?
The diner.
Belinda might still be there.
I think I'm gonna try making
a bourbon chocolate pecan.
Well, you tell me when
and I will be here
for breakfast, lunch,
and dinner.
You are already here for
breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Yeah.
Hey, what about our boy Charlie
and that city girl?
- They make a nice couple.
- They do. Theodora and Charlie.
When two people meant...
- It's Theodora and Charlie!
- Come on in.
- Come in, guys.
- Come in.
Hey. Are you here
for a late night slice?
Thank you.
But we found mom's recipe.
Wonderful. You're sure
to win the competition.
He can't win
if he doesn't enter.
- What!
- I know you have the forms,
I should have enough time
to get it filled out
and to the community center.
There.
Get it done.
Get it over there quick.
The mayor will surely
be there at midnight
to pick up those forms.
Would you like some pie?
Oh, no. We are going
to fill this out.
Get it to the office,
then we have
got to get back to his house
so we can start baking.
I mean, we have two days
until the competition.
So maybe tomorrow I might come
in and get a couple of slices.
Tomorrow, she may have
chocolate bourbon pecan pie.
Hey, keep writing.
- That's it. I got it.
- Okay.
- All right.
- Thank you.
- Go. Go.
- Save me a couple of slices.
I'll save them,
I'll save them. Go!
Just get out of here.
They making me a wreck.
It's nice to see.
- Young and in love.
- Well.
I think love is good at any age.
Yes, it is.
Okay, so yesterday's cookies
were really, really good, but...
these are magic.
You can taste the love.
Thank you.
For what?
If you hadn't picked up
the photo,
I wouldn't have found
the recipe.
Thank you.
Just for letting me help.
I didn't realize
how much I missed
just doing
these kinds of things.
Me too.
Well.
I can whip up some frosting
if you want to help me decorate?
Wait a second.
It's gonna be like
one of those corny movies
where he puts the frosting
on her nose
and she puts the frosting
on his nose
and then they end up...
Um.
You...
You only have a day to get
ready for the competition.
And I have a meeting
in the morning.
- I think we should...
- Right.
Goodnight, Charles.
Goodnight.
Charles?
Theodora?
Theodora, come on.
Get all the little things
and bring them out
and decorate the tree.
Hey.
Good morning.
Didn't you buy new shoes?
I didn't want to get them dirty.
But you're okay
getting mine dirty?
Come on. These are filthy.
You can take the girl
out of the city
but not the city
out of the girl, uh?
I don't know about that. It's...
It is so beautiful here. It's...
It's so peaceful.
Yeah, yeah, it really is.
I could see myself writing here.
You know?
I have some more chores
that need to get done.
Sure. You need
some help with them?
No. No. Thank you. I got it.
Okay.
Well, I'm freezing and I
haven't had my coffee. So.
I'm gonna go in.
Full sentences
and you even offered
to help me with chores
all before coffee.
Well, I guess I am
just full of surprises.
Yes you are, Miss Greenly.
One tablespoon of vinegar,
not two.
It's one tablespoon of vinegar.
Not two.
Hey, I am sorry
I missed your calls.
I had the phone on silent
and fell asleep.
But, um,
regarding the King account,
I think there's
been an oversight.
I'm going to
give you a call later.
It's just an error
in the numbers.
Why? Why can you
still not access the files?
I'm trying.
It seems as if there's
some sort of a hold on them.
Lila was a dear friend of mine.
Now I know business is business,
but if I can help save her farm,
I will do everything I can.
Okay. Okay, then
if I could just see them.
If I could just see your files
then I might be able to find
a discrepancy to stop
the foreclosure
but I need your files
to compare them to mine.
Well, I don't want
to keep you waiting.
I'll email you the file
once our system is compliant.
This is an urgent matter.
Do you understand?
When are you leaving town?
It's just one more day until
the cookie competition.
Oh, I know.
Didn't you hear?
Charles found Lila's recipe.
He's in the competition.
Hey.
I just came from the bank.
Do you want to tell me
why the King file is locked?
We got...
I know. Ye...
No, you see I think...
Okay.
Yes, yes. I will be on
the next plane. I will.
But, dad...
Dad, can you please tell me
what's going on
with the King property...
Dad?
Is the man who is trying
to take my home your dad?
Okay. Yes, but it is not
what it looks like.
- It's not?
- No.
So, what is it supposed
to look like?
It's... I mean,
am I supposed to think that
you actually understand how
important it is for me to keep
- this house?
- I do.
Or that maybe you
care about something,
anything other than money?
- Charles, wait. It's not...
- No. Listen.
I'm not stupid. But I actually
thought you were different.
You've spent so much time
trying to impress your father,
but you're just like him.
Aren't you?
You really
are full of surprises.
Charles. No, please.
Just listen...
You...
You, the type of person
that would interrupt someone
when they're mourning
the loss of someone they love.
You're constantly looking
at your watch,
like you're somehow
more important
than everyone else on Earth.
You don't really care
about anyone else
other than yourself. Do you?
It's not true.
It isn't true.
I think your ankle looks fine.
It's time for you to leave.
Charles.
Charles, please wait.
I don't care what you think,
that girl is not out
to get you or the farm.
Charlie. If you saw the
way she looked at you last night
you'd feel different right now.
I heard her on the phone, Nick.
Her dad sent her
to take my farm.
You don't let people explain.
Then what, you lose out
on the best things in life?
Charlie, don't let
this happen again.
Look at how much time we lost.
Theodora was just here,
she bought two pieces of pie
to bring home and she said
she has some really good news...
To bring home, you mean to bring
to my house. That's my home.
Charles King,
I'll tell you what I think.
I think you've missed this town
for a long time now.
Coming back here
made you realize all of that.
The thought of losing it,
is more than you can take.
It's easier for you
to close yourself off
to the possibilities.
Am I right?
You ran away,
didn't let me explain.
Now you're running away
from somebody who loves you.
Don't make
the same mistake twice.
And after all
the girls you've dated,
and now you found someone who is
as perfect for you
as those cookies
is another thing
that you don't want to lose.
I was upset.
I just left.
You have someone you don't trust
alone in your home.
That seems
pretty trusting to me.
Look, I... I said
some really harsh things.
When you love someone,
you're willing to forgive them.
Or, you hope for a little magic.
Such a way with words.
I'm going to get you
some breakfast.
It's time to bake
some champ cookies.
I'll be there
right by your side.
Eating them.
Okay, you see that?
That right there?
That is exactly what I needed.
Remind me to send Kelly
a thank you letter.
And probably
a letter of recommendation
because, once Ronan finds out
he sent us these files,
he's gonna be looking
for a new job.
I think he was more
than happy to help.
Your dad really did
a number on the Kings.
Yeah, he doesn't care.
He just cares how much money
the land will bring in.
You know what?
It really is,
it is such a beautiful farm.
I won't let him destroy it.
What about Charles?
It's his home.
He grew up in that town so
he really wants to settle there.
Did I tell you he's a writer?
No, you didn't.
And what's with the sparkle
in your eyes
- when you talk about him?
- What?
You are in love!
Yes, indeed. You are in love
with the cookie man.
I am.
I really think I am.
That is so amazing!
Who would've thought
you were going to foreclose
on a property and instead
you'd fell in love? It's like...
Oh, no! Do not say magic.
We need to focus because
if this plan is not perfect,
then he'll lose the farm
and I won't see him anymore.
So come help me.
- What next?
- Right here.
Did you decorate these?
No. It was Theodora.
Wow. Impressive.
She's an artist.
It's actually
what she's passionate about.
Wish she was still here.
Man, I...
I really screwed up.
You can't think like that.
You just got to win
this competition.
And then go after her.
Talk to her. She'll understand.
That's three in a row. I assume
these are competition ready?
- Mmm.
- We have to make more.
Hey!
C'mon, man.
Melissa, leave us.
No, no, no.
She is my assistant
and she is my friend.
- Your friend?
- Mm-hmm.
I've been working with this
group from Buffalo for months
and I will not stand by
and watch you destroy this deal.
- Are you uncomfortable?
- Unbelievably.
Go talk to Kelly
and prepare the papers.
I'd do it pretty quick
because I fired Kelly
and he's probably
on his escorted walk out.
Do you have any idea
what you're doing?
You're not even
in the same ballpark
as the group from Buffalo.
And by the way,
the only thing I'll be signing
for you young lady,
is your termination papers.
You know, this soft
attitude of yours, you,
this, this will destroy you.
It always does.
I am so disappointed.
So disappointed.
After your grandparents...
No, no, no. No.
You don't get to talk about
them, you cold-hearted...
Careful!
Be very careful!
You willfully deceived
a dying woman.
What kind of evil person
does that?
One old farm.
What does that matter?
What is this?
Theodora, the papers are ready.
Where did this come from?
A messenger brought it
just before you arrived.
A nice older gentleman.
Reminded me of Santa.
Santa.
Santa Claus.
There is no such person.
That's where you're wrong.
It's Christmas.
It's time of hope,
and love, and...
and magic.
It's time to be
with people who love you,
who care about you.
And yeah, it's a time
to believe in Santa.
Magic.
Santa.
Are you two insane?
You've taught me a lot.
You have.
You've taught me exactly
who I don't want to be.
You've taught me
that nothing but work
just makes you bitter, cold.
You're so deceitful, angry.
I don't want to be like you.
I'm nothing like you.
I'm not you.
Thank goodness.
Now I love you.
I do love you.
But I really don't like you.
And I'm going to tell you
what you're going to do.
You're going to fix this.
You're going to report
that deed paid in full. You are.
And you are going to do this
because if you don't
I am sending every single shred
of evidence I have to Charles
and then I...
I will help him bury you
with it.
Do we have an agreement, dad?
No, no, no, no. That that little
intimidation stare thing,
that doesn't work on me.
Do we have a deal?
Send the papers to my office.
I'll sign them directly.
Melissa will escort you out.
I will?
I will.
Oh, dad. One last thing.
I quit.
Theodora.
Theodora, come on.
Get all the little things
and bring them out
and decorate the tree.
I have a good feeling
about this.
You know,
I never did say thank you.
No need.
♪ Wonders of his heart ♪
Merry Christmas everyone.
Merry Christmas!
Wonderful.
I hope you are all having
a fabulous time this evening.
And this year let's not dismiss
the mistletoe. Okay?
All right.
So also while you're
out and about
enjoying the evening, make sure
you stop by the raffle table,
get your tickets
for the drawings this evening.
I got mine!
If you don't get tickets,
Nancy's winning
everything this year. So.
Now, understand this year
has been the toughest year
for judging
the cookie competition.
So let's find out.
Judge. Have you chosen a winner?
Yes.
I have.
Let me invite up
our two finalists for this year.
Helena Corrival
and Charlie King!
Charlie. Charlie. Charlie.
And now this year's New Richmond
Christmas cookie champion...
Charlie King!
Thank you so much. Thank you.
Our cookie champion,
Charlie King, say a few words.
Wow. Um...
I'm really not prepared.
The honor of being
your cookie champion
means a very great deal to me.
This whole thing, it's really
just a tribute and a thanks
to my mother.
Her recipe.
I missed this town
while I was away.
The people.
No matter how hard I tried
with college,
my big job in Boston, I always,
I always felt like something
was missing in my life.
An important ingredient.
Coming back here helped me
realize what that was.
My mother knew it.
Now I do too.
It's love.
I couldn't have
figured this out without you.
Without you even knowing it,
you showed up and...
showed me what I was missing.
I'm sorry.
I should have given you
a chance to explain.
- It's okay.
- You coming back like this.
It's... It's like Christmas...
No, no, don't say magic.
We'll call it love.
I don't understand.
The farm is yours.
There's nothing left
to understand.
How did you do this?
Do you forget, I am
one hell of a businesswoman.
I guess I was right. You can't
take the city out of the girl.
Mm-mm. No.
But you can probably bribe her
with some Christmas cookies.
I'll open a whole bakery
if that's what it takes.
That's actually
a brilliant idea.
Okay, so I have a friend
who is an investor
- and he can find us...
- Whoa. Whoa.
Let's conquer Christmas first.
Don't you two
worry about Christmas.
I'll take care of that.
Who's that?
It's my... What's he doing here?
I guess I'm the last person
you wanted to see.
Mm-hmm.
When you walked out, I...
I had this incredible emptiness
in my heart.
The same emptiness that I felt
when I lost your mother.
Hey. Um.
My mother and I had
our differences when I left.
He came all this way,
you should hear him out.
Charles is right.
You know, I...
I should have known this
for years, that you...
you are the best thing
in my life.
Not my company, not my money,
it's you.
You were always the best thing
in my life and I am so sorry.
So sorry that I ever made you
feel that you weren't.
I just want to make it up to you
if you'll let me.
How?
I've missed
most of our lives together.
I don't want to miss anymore.
Can you forgive a cranky,
hard headed old man?
Hi, Melissa.
Merry Christmas, sweetheart.
Hi, Helena.
- Merry Christmas.
I love you.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, Charlie.